Early, what I want is high morbidity.
I want people to complain.
So what do I do?
I go to Des Moines.
Ladies and gentlemen and people on the screen, I have nothing against Des Moines, I live
there for four years.
I go to Des Moines, I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines.
I go to Seattle, I infect a couple of cases there.
I go to North Carolina, I go to Wisconsin.
What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly
morbid condition.
These individuals complain.
Again, this is a central nervous system condition, so they're complaining of whatever the bug
may do.
It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms.
And then what I do, the real bug that I use is the internet.
I take attribution for that.
Yes, I'm a terrorist group.
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent and the first signs and
symptoms of lethality are X, Y, and Z.
These people are really sick with this.
But then I say, others who are also infected will show subdramal, predramal signs of lethality
and what that will be is anxiety, sleeplessness, agitation.
What I've now done is I've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal and I've
got every individual who's worried well, flooding the public health system, banging
on the door.
The CDC comes back and says, nonsense, that's not real.
I come back and say, that's fake news.
And as a consequence of doing that, what I do is I create a schism between the polis
and the public health system.
I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its government.
I also now know that our friend Jonathan Couey, who some of you will know from his lab leak
series early in the pandemic called JC on a bike journal club on a bike, that he also
has advanced the version of this hypothesis.
So I don't claim it to be unique.
I do think I arrived at it independently.
Oh, look, JC on a bike was timed out by Risa.
Oh, timeout, JC on a bike.
JC on a bike.
Yeah, well, I'm wise enough to know when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one.
Look at round.
It's JC on the bike, who says Vader didn't study music in college.
Where, you know, I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to.
So that's the best I can do with that.
I have no particular insight with regards to this.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case
scenario.
Stop lying!
See, if you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally and these
COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine okay, but actually they're kind
of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines and, you know, anything with really
rapidly fading efficacy such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada saying
nine months is actually JJ Coe's insistence and I think he's right on calling them transfections
rather than vaccines.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
The rules protect us up at all times, follow my instructions, keep it clean, touch gloves
if you wish, and let's do it.
This is so crazy, like these bumps, this is so crazy, I feel so nervous, like what
in the world, man?
A serious discussion about prion disease.
Bret Weinstein on Jimmy Dore, yeah, you know, again, he said transfection too late.
He admitted it on Tucker Carlson that if he had said it earlier, it might not have been
the same thing, it would have been the truth instead of something that is or isn't true.
Don't forget, not only can they, they can throttle you, but they can also fool you into
thinking you're being seen less because it's just a matter of what's perceived to be
true, totally organic.
A serious discussion about prion disease, I think we can do that, we're not going to
do it today or tonight, but I think we can do that, I think we should, I think lots of
people are.
It's a little loud there.
It's about the whole mess, this is going to be about the whole mess, and incidentally,
chronic wasting disease or whatever it's called in deer was discussed on the Joe Rogan podcast
and by Mr. Olsterholm, Dr. Olsterholm, when he showed up on Joe Rogan's podcast to seed
the narrative that this was a natural zoonosis.
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses
is an important element in democratic society.
Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government
which is the true ruling power of our country.
Olsterholm was seeding the narrative about pre-ons already back exactly at the beginning of the narrative
at the Joe Rogan start of the narrative.
In fact, as we looked at yesterday, AI and its potential was already seeded near the beginning of the pandemic
already ripe for the picking and then kind of mixed in with some of the stuff and we'll see it tonight.
We just don't want to forget our history and hopefully everybody who's watching knows some people who can see when shown
because those who do not see are not savable right now.
This is the biology that is easier to ignore, easier to ignore.
It's easier to just go along with it than to realize you've been bamboozled.
I mean, it's painful to realize you've been bamboozled. I cried about it.
My friend Nathan passed away. I cried for many days because I realized that not coming out of this bamboozlement early enough
thinking that I had already pulled myself out when I realized that there wasn't really a pandemic that was any danger to anybody.
I thought I already figured it out.
When I figured out that even if it was a lab leak, it wasn't going to be that big a deal.
I thought I figured it out, but I still hadn't figured it out.
I still couldn't see the bricks at the back of the theater then.
I knew they were lying, but I was still buying a lot of the scenery. I was still buying a lot of the actors.
And so I didn't know where the theater ended yet.
It took me another year and a half or two years to see where the theater finally ended.
Good evening, everyone. Good morning, good afternoon.
Wherever you are in this great planet, it's 11 o'clock almost in the evening here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Just like to give you a chance to read this if you haven't read it before.
This is a stream brought to you by a patch clamp physiologist.
GigaOhm is the resistance of the seals that are required in order to make the high resistance low noise recordings that are the sort of bread and butter of patch clamp physiology.
And so this is GigaOhm Biological high resistance low noise information brief, which is named after that.
You can find me at gigaohmbiological.com and you can also find me at gigaohm.bio.
Or like a Twitter substitute there.
You can find my confession at the link called Scooby.
You can find a way to support me one time there at the first link.
I would link to this brief. I'll link to the schedule.
You can find a phone number where you can call me and I often answer lately.
You can also leave a voicemail there, email address, and then of course subscribers.
I got to ask you to subscribe if you can.
Share it with people who can subscribe.
Did I say subscribe?
Because this is my day job, my night job, my whole job.
I'm going to try and make this work.
Starting next week there's going to be weekly PDFs and slide decks will be available a little more.
All of these people are so far taking the risk.
I think you should take the risk too.
If we get enough people doing this, this will become perhaps one of the premier science news sources on the Internet.
And something that can be there every day.
And some days maybe multiple times with shorts that are available to download.
All kinds of plans we have in the works.
I've got some collaborators, some secret squirrels working with me now and I hope this is going to get better and better.
I don't know, you're right on time.
Right on time, Lake Lady.
They're probably going to bump this, so I'm going to give this actually a little click back here.
They don't like that one part with that lady's voice.
And for some reason I think that's a copyrighted clip from a movie or something that my old buddy dubbed in there a long time ago.
So I'm going to clip back here to this original beat.
I apologize for that.
Rather abrupt transition.
I assume that most people are not dancing to the street and so that didn't disrupt anybody's.
Jive, we've been lost on this road for a long time, ladies and gentlemen, where people keep telling us that there was a novel virus and millions of people died from.
The millions more were saved from, that likely came from gain of function and it will definitely come again.
And we're trying to escape.
We're trying to find a ride on the side of the road here.
And every time we get picked up by a new set of medlers, a new set of storytellers, and in the end they keep telling us the same dang story.
Always comes right back around to not talking about their fact that there's no evidence of spread in New York City, not talking about the fact that infectious clones are the only interesting thing to talk about with respect to coronavirus biology,
talking about the usefulness of placebo batches, and not talking about the fact that transfection, everybody in academic biology should have done known better, that transfection in healthy humans is dumb.
Doctors in hospitals should have known that the protocols were murder and many of them did.
All of the virologists and all of these people that have any ideas about how RNA and DNA work should know better than they should know that gain of function is a mythology.
They should know that we've, and it should be knowable.
It should be knowable for them that we have been led to solve a mystery.
It should be knowable to them that the only thing that would be required is a spectacular commitment to lies.
And so we have to have optimism and hope that these people are still convertible, that we could still have a mass conversion inside of academic biology that realizes that this PCR was a scam.
That these sequences have to be a scam that the RNA spilled in a puddle or tracked out on the back of someone's shoe could not possibly could not possibly circulate the globe for five years running.
And so we have to deal with a carefully traceable phylogenetic tree of sequences that mainly change at one protein of 31.
No ladies and gentlemen, I think it's time that this mythology comes to an end, a screeching halt if we can.
But since we're on a starship going at light speed or warp 10, I don't know if we're going to be able to come to a screeching halt, but we've got to slow this thing down.
The starship to slow down to impulse power.
And that's really what we're working on right now here at Eagle Home Biological, trying to get this thing to slow down to impulse power and drop out of warp speed.
I don't know how easy that's going to be to do.
This is GigaOhm Biological, a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Couey. I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh in the back of my garage. I apologize. We have a lot of basketball today.
And I apologize for getting on late. We just had a lot of things going in order to keep.
We had our Dutch grandma here for a month over Christmas and it was the kind of family.
How do you say it? Lubricant, the family, you know, there was a missing piece in our family.
And it turns out that one of the ways that that missing piece could be replaced is have an OMA around.
I have a spectacular mother-in-law and she's a wonderful friend and a talented gider.
You know, she knows how to step in and say things in a way that doesn't step on people's toes.
You know, it's not that she never gets feedback from the kids or whatever, but, you know, for someone's mom, I mean, just a real class act.
And it's been like three days of just misery here, not really, but, you know, we just miss the lady.
We miss you very much. And, yeah, it requires a little bit more teamwork on the part of my wife and I,
because before I could hand off to OMA, and OMA just had everything under control and definitely had everything under control with V.
And so, yeah, it takes me a little bit longer to get down here and push the button.
So I apologize, but we're going to record one every night. Don't worry.
Let me turn this music down a little bit over here. It's a little bit more awkward.
I got an older computer over here now again. I had to downgrade, so to speak.
Still got to get that thing in a box.
Let me get out of this and get me a new slide deck up here.
Cancel. I don't know why you're doing that to me.
And that's where I want it. Yeah, that's right.
I hope this evening finds everybody well.
I have a noise in the background of my stream last night. It's not in the recording, but it seems to be on Twitch.
And I can try to apologize for that. I don't really know what good it does to apologize for it, but I do apologize.
I'm trying to clean things up. I'm trying to figure out what's going on with this new computer that might be bleeding some noise in there.
This is GigaOhm Biological the safest way to get biology into your head.
We are on a nightly basis, basically trying to dissect the idea that we were tricked into solving a mystery.
I use the analogy of Scooby-Doo because this is a cartoon about a group of teenagers and their big giant dog.
Who solve mysteries on a nightly basis depending on what town they're in.
And inevitably the mysteries are always solved by the removing of a mask and the revealing of a rich guy or a bad guy or the groundskeeper.
Who are all trying to steal something or protect some criminal operation.
And so inevitably they have to set a trap and then the trap is sprung and then the guy gets caught and then they take off the mask and they find out what was chasing them around
and scaring everybody for 20 minutes is actually something they could have just stopped and tackled because it was just a fat old man who smokes cigars.
But anyway, the point is that we have been tricked by people on TV, by people in government, by people in the military,
probably by people in the pharmaceutical industry, probably by people in industries in parallel to an adjacent to the pharmaceutical industry.
Probably by lots of different people we have been hoodwinked into believing that this was a real pandemic, a real crisis.
Some of these people have been waiting for many, many years to try again and get the worst case scenario to be fully believed around the world.
And more and more often it's more and more regularly it's becoming obvious to me that this was an elaborate science fiction theater.
And it was executed with such exquisite attention to detail that several of these narratives...
What I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain. So what do I do?
I've played this at the beginning and I'll play it again as I switch.
I go to Des Moines. I live there for four years. I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines.
I go to Seattle. I infect a couple of cases there. I go to...
You heard this a lot of times. You haven't necessarily read this list a number of times though.
And so I'll read this list to you and try to discuss it just briefly to make sure you see I hear a lot of wind.
Is that okay? Is that still a decent amount of volume or is my better here?
A military response with the ability to drive local mass casualty events.
What I'm suggesting here is that the military may have been involved in places like New York City,
maybe in places like Italy, not the American military then necessarily,
but a military force there to coordinate and assure that the mass casualty event occurred
and that the mass casualty event was recorded in the proper way.
The military might have also been involved in intercepting the early responding people,
the really good Samaritan people that would show up at the beginning of such a mass casualty event
as its existence was broadcast on the news in order to see the narrative that Dr. Giordano was talking about
where people are complaining about this novel pathogen.
They needed to complain about it on the news and when they did that people like Pierre Corey
and people like Nurse Aaron rushed to New York to help.
Some of them rushed to New York to help under the fain or the disguise of being a nurse rushing into the fire
and were likely already co-opted long before the pandemic,
especially given her track record with anti-vax groups in Florida previous to the pandemic.
But Pierre Corey could have very easily been a good guy running into the fire
and meeting this military presence that was there to drive a local mass casualty event
and make sure that it was interpreted correctly.
And he may have been co-opted.
We need your help.
We need you to make a video for us that says that we're at war with this virus
that to take everybody seriously.
And even if he told them, yeah, but I don't see anybody here anymore,
they would tell him, yeah, but you just missed it.
Like three weeks ago there were there were 5,000 people dying a week here in New York.
You just missed it.
Oh, really? Wow. So the trucks just left? Yeah, the trucks just left.
As far as Corey knows, that's what happened.
He wasn't there when it happened. He got there right after it happened.
And so he did all that he could help a co-opted, pre-selected group of narrative controllers.
Maybe he met Nurse Aaron there and Nurse Aaron convinced him.
Told him what she saw.
Told him the same thing that she said from the bed of a hotel room at the heart of this pandemic
right about Elmhurst Hospital.
The pandemic nurse.
A combination of background signal and nonspecific test is spread.
Now we need molecular biologists and we need some exemplars of all of these tests that were used in the United States.
Some 250 odd emergency use authorized PCR diagnostics were circulating in the United States being used to track and trace, etc.
We need some samples of these things so that we can see exactly what they were.
If they were highly specific with nested primers, that might mean one thing.
If they had no nested primers and they were aimed at random stuff, then that might mean something completely different.
But we're looking at a combination of background signal and a nonspecific PCR test to create the illusion of spreading positivity.
And the way you break that illusion is to say that there is nothing that we have no data about how this signal would look before 2020.
So if it would look exactly the same with a wave and a wave and a wave wherever we put the test, we don't know.
Because before 2020, there were zero emergency use authorized PCR diagnostics.
In 2021, there were 222 in the United States alone.
We find all the lateral flow testing and stuff that was going on overseas and in Europe and here.
A financial and legal incentive to call COVID again the legal incentive in New York was was absolutely malevolent because you were legally indemnified from malpractice.
Whatever the danger of malpractice or the potential for malpractice.
If there was a diagnosis of COVID in New York for over a month, maybe longer, a coordinated propaganda campaign to drill confusing worst case scenario.
Well, that was done on television, of course.
Everything from build back better to the new normal to 15 days to slow the spread.
These kinds of ideas that were repeated over and over again in the UK, it was even worse with their sage people.
This drove the idea that something was happening in coordination with this mass casualty event in a few places around the world.
COVID hospital protocols capable of increasing all cause mortality, but then had to be ignored on TV.
And again, I've explained it with the analogy.
If you could go into every operating room and recalibrate the anesthesia so that the anesthesiologist would inadvertently kill 15% of his or her patients more than would normally die on the table.
If you could go and tweak all of the ventilators in a hospital so that they would kill 50% of the people that were put on them.
These are the kinds of things that you could use to increase all cause mortality in such a way that would be indiscernible from a spreading pathogen if the assumption was that there was a spreading pathogen.
And this is the monumental mistake that we were led to make by a combination of all this theater, these theatrics.
Emergency social policies capable of increasing all cause mortality.
This is the kind of thing like do not resuscitate orders for EMTs in New York City and then conflating the increase in heart attack deaths with COVID rather than the fact that the EMTs were told not to resuscitate.
Convince a public that the lab leak cover up was happening before their eyes.
Of course, that's why Rand Paul and Antonio Fauci had such a ridiculously over the top argument in front of everybody in Congress about gain a function.
It wasn't because Rand Paul lacks decorum.
It wasn't because Tony Fauci was just defending honest research.
It was because they wanted to convince every Tom Dick and Harry that their mystery to solve was is this a real pandemic from a bad cave or is this a real pandemic from a laboratory.
So that no matter what conclusion Tom Dick or Harry came to there, it would be a real pandemic.
And finally, they use the island nations, you know, New Zealand, Australia to demonstrate that lockdowns work and they went extra dramatic with the videos that we saw for us to make it feel as though, wow, we don't have it as bad as they do.
So we might as well accept our, you know, state by state policy. At least we have that in America because boy, they got it tough down there. Don't they? Holy cow.
That's exactly by design.
It's exactly by design because the Australians in the New Zealanders have also been led to believe that that lockdown actually did save them for a while.
And now they're being led to believe that it's only the shot that's hurting them.
But they have already accepted that there was a virus. They have already accepted that there was circulation and spread. They just avoided it.
And so in a lot of ways, the operation worked on them as well, but since that's not the economy that we're really trying to destroy. It doesn't matter so much.
And so that's really where we are. Most of these people are unwitting participants. Most of these people were put into places of influence before the pandemic and found themselves between a rock and a hard place as this thing unrolled.
But four years into this into the fifth year, none of these people have an excuse at this stage.
And some of the people that are rising to the absolute top are right there at the bottom at the top. These no virus people, the Bailey's.
Cowan and and and Kaufman. They don't look half bad anymore, although I have to still say that I think that some of them, if we analyze deep enough, we could find and point to people in that group who were so focused.
So focused on the viral debate and so.
Unable to articulate that, okay, so people are not dying from a virus because viruses don't circulate. There may not even be viruses. So why are people dying and then explaining it.
Calling it what it was, which was murder in hospitals, I atrogenic murder.
And I never heard that from them. I only heard confrontations where it was about virus or no virus. Do you believe in the virus or not? Cooey believes in the virus. So then we can't talk to Cooey or Cooey's a bad guy because he's perpetuating this thing about viruses.
And so it disqualified any conversation at all. You couldn't talk rationally with them. It didn't make sense, but he would all they would go on.
They went on stream with a couple people. They went on stream with with some really nasty people too.
It's just strange because now, of course, I guess it's fine now, but I just want everybody to know that I got taken by the combination of all of it. And part of the combination was the absurd behavior of some of these people in that group.
Mainly Kaufman and Cowan. And I think they urged coached Christine Massey into her sort of rage that I don't think is is is genuinely directed at anybody other than just the frustration that she knows the truth that there's no virus.
She's been drilled into believing that her foyas are so exculpatory or so condemning or whatever the right word is. I think those two are opposite words, but they're so important that they have to take the front stage all the time and it's just it's ridiculous on its face.
And so it feels very much as though she's being used again to create this absurdity to create this sort of impossible bridge that that, you know, we should have been working together already two years ago when I wanted to have.
Sam Bailey on my stream to talk about the absurdity of the PCR test and the the impossibility that it could be used correctly.
And then suddenly it never happened again and I became person non grata until I started speaking for CHD. Then it was even worse.
And now six months later here I am on the outside again.
Because this message isn't compatible with a lot of different people and organizations apparently.
So what are we doing here if we can't talk about the fact that that this narrative is being preserved in books that this narrative is being preserved over and over and over again by the people that are supposed to be breaking us freely.
The people that are have voluntarily taken the torch out of other people's hands stepped in front of other people on stage taking the microphone out of people's hands.
And by people who were given a microphone not earning one, but given one put in places of influence even before the pandemic that they didn't deserve.
Theatrix to put people on the internet that could help govern the populace.
As Bernays said it's it's the governing of the habits and whims of the populace.
And keeping us away from questioning this faith is what all of these people have done wittingly or unwittingly.
And as we dissect this little people narrative here we can save our children.
That's what this is all about.
Saving our children from growing up to believing that pandemic potential exists in bad caves.
That it can be accessed by cell culture.
That it can be accessed through serial passage or or genetic stitching.
That's the biology that Bret Weinstein teaches.
That's the Brett that's the biology that's written in all of those books.
It's the biology that all of these people have been pushing since before the pandemic Sam Harris has been pushing 75% lethality in a virus.
You know until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone.
You know and you know it's not it's you know measles plus and okay I can tolerate what you think about measles because.
You know not that many people die from it. It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no one when we have this new pandemic that is you know got 75% mortality and.
It's not it's.
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
And this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or another.
I mean so.
I'm pleading with you to understand that these people are not there by accident.
That Brett just didn't decide to be on his eighth podcast just before the pandemic was declared by accident.
I can already hear the thing in in in somebody's head saying yeah but wait a minute JC on a bike started his neuroscience channel like a few months before.
The pandemic started and then he was on his bike he just happened to be riding his bike and talking about coronavirus but I'll give you one excuse why that doesn't work.
Because I was working at the University of Pittsburgh already for a couple years and I had already been filming for a long time and I can show you all that footage a lot of it's still on a hard drive because I was doing it for safety purposes.
So I didn't I should have had a YouTube channel going for a few years and I was just lazy I never really pulled the trigger.
Bret Weinstein was placed there.
Bret Weinstein went through years of setup years of setup ladies and gentlemen this is a multi generational game.
Don't think for one second that there's just a few weeks of planning and then that's all the farther they go every once in a while no.
This is a long scripted long gained out they've done this a few times event 201 is a public version of what they've done behind the scenes probably many more times.
The spars pandemic and those kinds of things that are freely available those are the public versions don't think for one second that there also aren't top secret versions that have even a more dramatic effect on the people that participate.
Event 201 is not as effective even if it has a plushie for everybody at the door when they leave it's not as effective as a secret event 201.
A secret event 201 at a secret location where you have to go through security and have special clearance to get there will have a lot more effect on those that participate then some kind of open broadcast event with Bill Gates on stage.
I assure you and that's what they did besides the setup of coronavirus biology as pandemic potential a unique pandemic potential actually if you think about it.
And conducting regular upper level exercises the secret ones are the ones that really matter the ones that really hit home the ones that really get people fired up and make them believe.
And then of course they've gained it out already they knew what these transfections would do because they've been working with these lipid nanoparticles for a while they've been working with transfection for years they already knew that one of the biggest dangers would be this endothelial
transfection and this potential inflammatory reaction of the endothelium and of myocarditis and this kind of thing it's all connected it's all the same basic tissue all connected together in the circulatory system.
And so a transfection of the circulatory system is a super bad idea and so they seeded some of these symptomologies the most expected ones all of them into the narrative of the virus from the virus.
And they did it through team worst case scenario.
They did it through a plan where they said do not resuscitate people who are having heart attacks because you might spread the virus and then blame those heart attacks and increase cardiac problems on the virus.
And now it's conveniently confounded when we say that these these transfections are causing myocarditis well the spike proteins in both.
And the average Joe is fooled.
Now if you make this a national security issue now you make this a national security priority and every once in a while a few guys in suits with sunglasses show up with the little curly wires behind their ears and they tell you okay you're being briefed.
You either go home and shut your mouth or you keep going and you don't say this this and this anymore got it.
I know that sounds very Hollywood movie but that's the way these things work and that's what they needed to do from a military perspective in order to make sure that everybody would take the shots compliance 100% compliance was the only objective and so lying is okay exaggeration is okay.
Because we don't know under the pretense that we don't know we can tell you well the worst case scenario we do know and that is absolute disaster planet wide destruction so worst case scenario is pretty bad you better do what you told.
And now they have successfully in the minds of the average people on the street confounded the toxicity of the virus with the toxicity of the transfection.
And so it's going to be hard to tell these people they've been fooled into believing that the potential toxicities of the virus are much greater than the potentials for the toxicities in the shot even though they are largely parallel because the spike protein is found in both.
Please understand how diabolical that mythology is because it implies a whole bunch of things that aren't true.
Number one the fidelity of the spike protein in either viral infection or in transfection is by no means the fidelity that they imply.
And what I mean by that is is that if there is a viral infection that can be called a coronavirus infection and the protein complement that is produced is very very wide and heterogeneous.
It is not a single protein it's a bouquet of them because the copying of translation of and folding of it's all very very variable we're not doing a DNA thing here.
And when you transfect someone with this terrible RNA product we don't know what you get on the other side but it's definitely not a well folded high fidelity copies of the same thing.
We know that frame shifting can occur and substitutions and this kind of thing like wobble based it's all a mess.
And yet they have convinced the average person on the street the skilled TV watcher that this very simple narrative that you can understand that Bret Weinstein can explain to you that the spike protein of the virus caused myocarditis.
And so the spike protein in the transfection causes myocarditis Bret Weinstein and his wife Heather have explained this numerous times and still believe it.
They are unaware of the fact that's what they want you to believe they're unaware of the fact that they were part of seating this narrative to confuse these things but they were.
And it's very possible that they are unaware that they were involved in this there it's unaware because they weren't they were using bandanas they locked down for a year.
They said we should have locked down harder so that we could get to zero covid faster.
That if we all knew the Freemason secret weapon which is some random dosage of Ivermectin I guess that we could have ended this pandemic in 60 days of forced drugging.
These are the kinds of ideas that they came up with so we can't expect them to be sophisticated enough to know that they were actually fooled or used.
In deceiving the worst case scenario but we can try to inform them.
And if they ignore what we are telling them if we ignore what we show them how devastating it was that each one of us any of us.
That bought that line that there was a gain of function virus that it was potentially circulating the globe in a way that a regular virus wouldn't do because this one has a fear and cleavage site in it.
And it may have been serial serially passaghed in humanized mice.
So we may be dealing with something that we've never before seen says Charles Rixi says Kevin McCarron says Richard Fleming says all of the virologists says all of the people whispering behind the scenes and says Bret Weinstein says Yuri Dagan says the drastic team all these people
seeded this worst case scenario narrative that was a gain of function virus that was unlike anything we've ever seen before.
And it was so important to see this scenario so that people were terrified into transfecting themselves.
That was the goal.
And so they purposefully created mass casualty events and exaggerated it and projected off of them as the worst case scenario was happening purposefully across the board worst case scenario in the heads of state worst case scenario at the CDC level worst case scenario on the news worst case scenario in academia.
And that's because they didn't do any of this math they didn't talk about any of the things that we've talked about nightly nightly nightly that they killed people in hospitals in a variety of ways in a changing ever evolving set of ways that ultimately ended up to include ventilation
and they are now trying to tell us that severe and long COVID comes with kidney damage. Are you kidding me.
And over and over and over again sorry I gotta go back on oh my gosh I gotta go back to now.
Over and over and over again we seem to be forgetting 2020 and 2021 where this massive PCR and testing fraud took place where millions of tests millions of tests were manufactured that had never been manufactured before distributed sold used and acted upon.
Setting millions if not billions of dollars in motion wasted funneled away from our economy and perpetuating this narrative that some of these some of these deaths over here could be accurately converted to COVID deaths using one of these many fraudulent.
Fraudulent. Holy fraudulent laboratories.
Do you understand that all of the laboratories that did any of the testing in 2020 and 2021 when Bret Weinstein was wearing a mask and advocating for lockdowns and not saying a damn thing about the damage we were doing to our children.
That this testing those labs they're all gone.
None of them exist anymore those buildings are empty those machines are gone.
We don't know what they did.
They could have taken all of those swabs and sold the DNA as remnants and never tested a damn thing just given us random results back and we wouldn't be able to find out nothing nothing zero.
It's an emergency.
Again, I do not want to diminish the value and the expertise of our national health care societies and international exercise like the WHO and the CDC.
However, I think those are our bodies that are built for peacetime and not for war and we're at war right now with this virus and one of the main issues that we've seen is that.
And so I'm trying to give Dr. Corey the benefit of the doubt that because he showed up after what we have seemed to identified as the worst part of New York.
It's likely that he was asked to help spread the message of worst case scenarios so that compliance could be had and we can make sure that whatever he just missed happening in New York wouldn't happen anywhere else.
I do think it's really possible that there are not all bad guys here that there are people who tried to do the right thing at the beginning and have slowly come to realize that they were a little bit taken.
It wasn't quite as simple as they were told.
It was a little more complicated and it definitely has to do with national security so now they're all a little scared.
They're all a little weirded out.
That's what I think's going on here.
I think that's what's going on with a lot of these people because they talk behind the scenes very differently than they talk on their stream.
They talk very differently behind the scenes than they tweet.
I get a lot of really sweet voicemails and a lot of really sweet messages but I get a lot of really crappy tweets from the same people.
And so there's different games going on here.
There are different egos getting in the way.
There are just people that haven't been kicked out of the moving truck enough to really understand what's going on and some of them already know exactly what's going on and that's why they're very comfortable obfuscating the truth.
Some of them have known that they have been part of the ruling governance structure for many years.
Joe Rogan is not unaware of how vital his program is to the governing structure of America and the world.
He's not unaware of it because that's why he gets a hundred million dollar contract with Spotify.
And Bret Weinstein aspires to be that kind of influencer.
He wants to be that kind of tool for the ruling elite.
But he wants to be thought of one of those tools that also has a brain of his own.
I don't think he looks at Joe Rogan and sees an equal.
I think one of Bret Weinstein's biggest weaknesses is that he doesn't see an equal very often at all.
And that's a pretty bad misconception to be trapped in.
There's a lot of people here who need to wake up a lot of people who need help waking up.
I at one point in time was just as asleep as the rest of them where I thought it was a lab leak of a gain of function virus.
But at least from the very beginning I was convinced that that didn't matter.
That even worst case scenario we should still bet on our natural immunity.
We should still bet on our health and optimize that rather than count on some kind of countermeasure or count on transfection.
I knew from the very beginning that antibodies were and was a no brainer dumb idea.
I didn't say it quite like Joe Lee does, but I was saying in 2020 that antibodies to a respiratory virus were a pretty dumb idea, especially IgG
because they're in the blood.
I didn't specifically say that they can't cross the lung blood barrier, but I mean that was kind of implied.
And so we are dealing with a scenario where there are meddlers around who are attempting to take different parts of the truth
and run with those parts, but they can't seem to summarize across the whole narrative.
And that's how you know they're meddlers.
If they come along and they tell you all about the contamination of the shot, but then they forget about the fact that the best case scenario for transfection is still bad, you can see that they're a medler.
If they come along and tell you that they figured out that autism and all these things are caused by one thing, you know, like they just need to aspirate because it's the bolus theory.
Then you know that they're meddlers.
And if you come along and you say something like, I think I figured out how autism is caused and it's because all of these vaccines cause antibodies and antigens to make chains in the blood.
It may be part of the mechanism, man, but it's not explaining everything because these are complex systems with complex consequences and complex chains of cascades of.
Of patterned integrity that all go wrong in different directions and simple explanations are exactly the way that they have trapped us in the past.
And I'm afraid that there are still people that are being put in our way offering us simple explanations that we're supposed to see as slam dunks when they're not slam dunks.
The sacred biology is not a slam dunk.
It's a lifelong process of trying to learn and understand exactly how wickedly complex a mammal is, never mind a human being.
And so we were bamboozled by drastic.
We were bamboozled by the lab leak and we were bamboozled by the same, these same people who seeded it.
The scooby doo narrative of whether this was a lab leak or a natural virus was exquisitely seeded by a group named drastic on Twitter, of which I was a member and by people of the intellectual dark web who waxed intellectual about this very mystery.
And we heard yesterday Bret Weinstein talking with with Lex Fridman on June 25, 2021, just two weeks after he had Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch on his podcast and they shook the world with three easy ways to end the pandemic.
And so these people have been pretending to be part of a group of intellectual responders, intellectual first responders to the pandemic.
And they have been slowing the role of the train and they have been assisting the train and starting again for several rounds now because they're really good guys.
And they have every interest in stopping the pandemic. They had every interest in in preserving our rights and our sovereignty is they have every interest in preserving the freedoms of our children.
Or so we are led to believe.
And so unwitting participants in this narrative, of course, gets sucked in by these people because they get attention from them and they think, wow, look, Bret Weinstein's got my back.
Bret Weinstein mentioned me on his podcast.
I thought that a few times.
The first time he mentioned me on his podcast, I thought, oh, sweet.
A couple of weeks from now I'm going to be a guest on his show. I guarantee that he's setting it up right now.
A couple of months later I got mentioned again. This time while he was on the couch with Robert Malone, I thought, okay, now when he comes back from England, I'm going to get a chance to be on his show.
And it kept happening like that.
Where my biology was kind of represented, okay, but not really overly simplified to the point of sort of making it not quite as powerful and convincing.
But then more importantly, regularly, and I've played many of those clips regularly attributed to himself on purpose, exquisitely like right there, not subtly.
I know other people have come up with this idea, but I came up with it on my own. Who says that?
Except for somebody who's trying to purposefully insert themselves into a performance to audition for contribute to or maintain a performance.
You can't step in front of me, man. I'm on stage.
You can't, I'm using your lines because I'm on stage and you're not.
That's the attitude that Bret Weinstein has.
And he has that attitude because he was placed on stage and he knows that.
These debates where we didn't talk about antibiotics or steroids, where we didn't talk about emergency biohazard protocols,
where we didn't talk about the financial incentives at all, or we didn't talk about elderly care home malfeasance.
But we discussed regularly about we don't know if this virus, if we even make immunity to this.
I show you a tweet in the beginning of the stream where in 2020, Bret Weinstein is seeding that narrative, which was codified in the John Snow memorandum where all of these public health leaders stated distinctly that we're not even sure
if natural immunity to this virus is possible. Why would there be no natural immunity possible to a virus?
Well, Bret Weinstein will tell you because it might be a gain of function virus.
And if it's a gain of function virus, we won't know if we can make natural immunity.
All bets are off. And incidentally, people were just smart enough to notice that the guy that's standing at the back of the train pretending to stop it
and the guy at the front of the train is pretending to stop it, they're pretty coordinated.
That's pretty impressive how well they do that.
And so, of course, people noticed that although in the John Snow memorandum they didn't explicitly say that it was a lab leak, they sure talked about it like it could have attributes heretofore never seen in a previous RNA virus.
Why would they talk that way?
And talking about vitamin D dismissal, for example, Tony Fauci went on Jennifer Garner's Instagram and talked about the fact that he was taking 4,000 units of vitamin D a day, but he wasn't sure whether he could recommend that for everybody and that we should see our doctors.
He never said that anywhere else, but people heard it and people chatted about it and other people heard it and chatted about it to get regular people to chat about it.
And they were also participating in this pretending to contribute to the train's movement, starting and stopping this theater of how a pandemic is fought, how a narrative is opposed how we get to the truth.
How people are being censored.
That was all part of the train exercise.
It was all the people at different doors standing there doing the same thing this guy does, maybe with different noises or different motions, but all pretending to stop the train.
And we were spellbound by these people.
We were overwhelmed by these debates.
When PCR cycle counts, did they matter?
Yes, but not as much as the fact that those PCR tests just were not as specific as academic biologists thought they should be thought that they were implying they were that a diagnostic implies they were when you call them a PCR diagnostic and you're an academic
biologist, you think, Holy cow, that might that thing must be incredibly specific.
You would be wrong, of course.
And so also there were people talking really vehemently about the idea that, well, you know, there's going to be these troublemakers that are going to say there's no virus.
So there's going to be these troublemakers who are going to say that it's all 5G thing is the 5G's causing the virus. So don't let those people fool you.
Stop lying.
And so all of these debates made you accept the Scooby-Doo mystery and to accept the challenge of the Scooby.
I'm going to figure this out.
I'm going to figure out why all these things are so important. I'm going to figure out why all these people are arguing about all this stuff. It must mean something.
I mean, I can't believe how good they did it with hydroxychloroquine and Ivermectin.
Two drugs that are all totally underutilized.
And on the background of the United States would have been likely to make 50% of the people that took them probably feel good for some reason or another.
And especially if they were inflamed, especially if they were in having inflammation, if they were having some kind of immune response, then potentially these anti inflammatory agents could have helped, but they weren't going to hurt anybody.
And so doing show randomized control trials with obviously incorrect concentrations or doses, obviously incorrect usage or late application made it very easy for the same people to stand along the train and pretend to start and stop it, arguing about all that randomized control trial wasn't fair.
Oh, that metadata proves it once and for all.
And that went on for a long time with Ivermectin in 2021 and 2022, my friends, a long time.
People were pretending to stop and start the train arguing about Ivermectin all the while, not questioning the novel virus.
And they also did it at lots and lots of conferences, lots and lots of little meetings in the United States. There've been all kinds of little meetings where people show up for a weekend and rent a cheap hotel and meet in a meeting room and use PowerPoint
to take pictures of each other's shoes.
And they've traveled far and wide.
Belgium.
They've done week long cruises off the coast of Turkey.
And in November 18th and 19th, 2023 in Bucharest Romania, all of these people were there on stage for a couple days, presenting their latest findings.
Their latest fifth generation warfare messages.
Some friends, some medlers, all participants in the Scooby-Doo in one way or another, wittingly or unwittingly.
But the way that they are most likely controlled is that they invite you to one of these parties and make you feel important.
They make you feel heard.
They tell you that I've got a bigger platform than you. I'm going to promote you on my platform.
And then on their platform, they say your name.
And they say the one convenient thing about you that they can that won't hurt the narrative.
It's there in the black letters. There was a novel virus. Millions died and millions more were saved from it.
Likely came from getting a function and it will come again.
And so they made Denis Rancourt feel like a friend feel like he was heard feel like he was part of the inside crew.
And then they promoted Denis Rancourt's data about 17 million people getting killed by a shot and did not promote the data showing that the shot was killing mostly old people.
It didn't promote the data that showed that the virus did not spread anywhere. There's no evidence for it at all. They didn't promote that data at all.
But because he's friends and because they made him feel so welcome in Romania, he doesn't dare correct them.
Same with Byram Bridle, the guy that Bret Weinstein and Robert Malone came out exactly to cover up the ongoing scandal in Canada where this guy Byram Bridle had gotten a FOIA request fulfilled by the Japanese government and found out the lipid nanoparticles go everywhere
and he went on the news and started talking about it.
So they had to queue up the emergency crew and here came Bret Weinstein and Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch on the Bret Weinstein podcast on June 11, 2021
to preempt to step right in front of at least on the American scene to step right in front of Byram Bridle.
And so he's in Romania wide to make sure that he feels like he's still being heard. We got this dude. You didn't make a sacrifice for nothing.
Even even Nick Hudson, who's got a message that there was no pandemic. There's no evidence of spread. There's no evidence in the numbers. It didn't happen. It's only happening now.
Even that guy needs quieting down.
So they invite him to a Romanian conference. They talk to him. They treat him nice. They take him as a friend.
And then after that conference is over, they 100% ignore him.
Maybe Brian, Ryan Cole in the same position. You know why I like Ryan Cole because he was actually very, very well off before the pandemic. He had no reason to flip.
He had no reason to turn.
Now he may not be able to say certain things because he's read in because of the of the guys in the suits with the with the little earpieces.
I could be, but anybody could be in that position.
But the rest of these people, I think we can we can safely assume they have risen to notoriety artificially.
That there's something so fishy about their background that there's just no other conclusion to come to. None of these people fit these these bills in yellow. None of them fit the bill of a freedom fighting.
You know, I did a reluctant dissident. None of the the people in yellow are reluctant dissidents.
Some of them have been making a living off of this vaccine system off of this bio weapons and and bio weapons mythology for decades.
And so that's how we've come to celebrate Christmas in 2023 new year 2024 still believing in a novel virus.
Because of a carefully crafted narrative, a carefully controlled release of a narrative that was a Scooby Doo mystery unsolved for you in real time.
Just sit back and relax. Enjoy your Netflix and occasionally check in because this Scooby Doo team has got everything under control. They are going to solve the puzzle.
And what they have instead done is engaged in a very limited spectrum of debate that is curated by them.
To make sure that the presuppositions of the state are never questioned and always reinforced. That's what those people are doing to us.
I want you to listen to an old video of Noam Chomsky from 1994 or 1996 where he explains how this limited spectrum of debate is used to govern the United States and the world.
Do you believe what you read in the media? I'm not talking about dye and fergie but about the important stuff, the politics and economics.
Has it ever occurred to you? It could be a system of propaganda designed to limit how you imagine the world.
Well, that's the view of Noam Chomsky who's been teaching here in Boston for the past 30 years.
Described as a narrative leading dissonant, he's based at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where, although it's very cold, it isn't exactly the Gulag Archipelago.
As a working journalist myself, I've come to talk to Professor Chomsky about bias in the media.
All-wells nightmare, a place where propaganda rules where thought is controlled.
Come here, it's attention. Here is a special bulletin from the Ministry of Peace.
It's now a familiar, chilling Cold War fable. Most of us would say it's old hat. But is it?
The thought police are joining you.
The chief job of a newspaper is to inform.
For decades, the freedoms of thought and expression have been central to Western democracy.
The media sees itself as free, fearless, stroppy, and for many in power the press are too strong.
So the idea that all-wells warning is still relevant may seem bizarre.
But not to Noam Chomsky who thinks the image of a truth-seeking media is a sham.
Chomsky has devoted his life to questioning Western state power.
Having virtually invented modern linguistics for the age of 30, Chomsky joined the gathering swell of protest in the 60s.
I'm Noam Chomsky, I'm a faculty at MIT, and I've been getting more and more heavily involved in anti-war activities for the last few years.
Since then, Chomsky has championed a brand of anarchism, becoming deeply hostile to established power and privilege.
And in recent years, he's refined what he calls the propaganda model of the media.
On a brighter note, commercial break.
He claims that the mass media brainwash under freedom, not only do the media systematically suppress and distort,
but when they do present facts, the context obscures their real meaning.
The invasion of East Timor by the Indonesian army caused indescribable slaughter hundreds of thousands died.
But it was more or less ignored by the mainstream Western media because Chomsky argues we were selling arms to the aggressors.
But wars where the West's interests directly involved get a different treatment.
But Chomsky, coverage of the Gulf War was servile.
Trivial criticisms were aired, fundamental ones were ignored.
Hello, I'm Jumar. I see you high.
I'm actually, Chomsky has numerous critics.
Which chair has been allotted?
Is the media so influential?
I'm over here.
Have dissident views really been excluded in an age of relative media diversity in the age of the internet?
This is one of...
What about Chomsky's own access?
What about this very programme?
Okay, I'm reading your own stuff.
Professor Chomsky, could we start by listening to explain what the propaganda model as you call it is?
For many people, the idea that propaganda is used by democratic rather than nearly authoritarian government will be a strange one.
Well, the term propaganda fell into disfavor around the Second World War.
But in the 1920s and the 1930s, it was commonly used and in fact advocated by leading intellectuals, by the founders of modern political science, by Wilsonian progressives, and of course by the public relations industry, as a necessary technique to overcome the danger of democracy.
The institutional structure of the media is quite straightforward. We're talking about the United States, but it's not very different elsewhere.
The major... there are sectors, but the agenda setting media, the ones that sort of set the framework for everyone else, like the New York Times and the Washington Post and so on.
These are major corporations, parts of even bigger conglomerates.
Like other corporate institutions, they have a product with Anna Market.
Their market is advertisers, that is, other businesses.
Their product is relatively privileged audiences, more or less.
They're selling audiences.
They're selling privileged audiences.
These are big corporations selling privileged audiences to other corporations.
Now, the question is, what picture of the world would a rational person expect to come out of this structure?
Then we draw some conclusions about what you'd expect, and then we check, and yes, that's the picture of the world that comes out.
And is this anything more than the idea that basically the press is relatively right-wing with some exceptions because it's owned by big business, which is a truism as well known?
Well, I would call the press relatively liberal. Here I agree with the right-wing critics, so especially the New York Times and the Washington Post, which are called, without a trace of irony, the New York Times is called the establishment left in, say, major foreign policy journals.
And that's correct, but what's not recognized is that the role of the liberal intellectual establishment is to set very sharp bounds on how far you can go this far and no further.
Give me some examples of that.
Well, let's take, say, the Vietnam War, the probably the leading critic, and in fact, one of the leading dissident intellectuals in the mainstream is Anthony Lewis of the New York Times, who did finally come around to opposing the Vietnam War about 1969,
about a year and a half after corporate America had more or less ordered Washington to call it off.
And his picture from then on is that the war, as he put it, began with blundering efforts to do good, but it ended up by 1969 being a disaster and costing us too much.
So what was that on the criticism?
What would the non-propaganda model have told Americans about the Vietnam War at the same time?
The same thing that the mainstream press was telling them about Afghanistan.
The United States invaded, first of all, in the 1950s, it set up a standard Latin American style terror state, which had massacred tens of thousands of people, but was unable to control local uprising and everyone knows every specialist knows that's what it was.
And when Kennedy came in in 1961, they had to make a decision because the government was collapsing under local attack.
So the US just invaded the country.
In 1961, the US Air Force started bombing South Vietnamese civilians, authorized napalm, craft destruction.
Then in 1965, January, February 1965, the next major escalation took place against South Vietnam, not against North Vietnam, not as a sideshow.
That's what an honest press would be saying, but you can't find a trace of it.
Now, if the press is a censoring organization, tell me how that works.
You're not suggesting that proprietors phone one another up, or that many journalists get to their copy spiked, as we say.
It's actually Orwell.
You may recall, has an essay called Literary Censorship in England, which was supposed to be the introduction to animal farm, except that it never appeared.
In which he points out, look, I'm writing about it, a totalitarian society, but in free, democratic England, it's not all that different.
And then he says, unpopular ideas can be silenced without any force.
He gives a two sentence response, which is not very profound, but captures it.
He says, two reasons.
First, the press is owned by wealthy men who have ever interested in not having certain things appear, but second, the whole educational system from the beginning on through,
just gets you to understand that there are certain things you just don't say.
Well, spelling these things out, that's perfectly correct.
I mean, the first sentence is what we expand.
This is what I don't get, because it suggests that, I mean, I'm a judge who'd let me, are self-sensoring.
No, not self-sensoring.
There's a filtering system that starts in kindergarten, and goes all the way through.
And it's not done work 100%, but it's pretty effective.
It selects for obedience and subordination.
And especially, I think...
So stroppy people won't make it to the population, behavioralists.
Behaviour problems.
If you read applications to a graduate school, you'd see that people will tell you he doesn't get along too well with his colleagues.
You know how to interpret those things.
I'm just interested in this because I was brought up, like a lot of people, probably
post-Watergate film and so on, to believe that journalism was a crusading craft and
that there were a lot of disputatious, stroppy, difficult people in journalism.
And I have to say, I think I know some of them.
Well, I know some of the best and best known investigative recorders in the United States.
I won't mention names, but I would, whose attitude toward the media is much more cynical
than mine.
In fact, they regard the media as a sham and they know and they consciously talk about
how they try to play it like a violin.
If they see a little opening, they'll try to squeeze something in that ordinarily wouldn't
make it through.
And it's perfectly true that the, I'm sure you're speaking for the majority of journalists
who are trained, have it driven into their heads, that this is a crusading, a profession,
adversarial, we stand up against power, a very self-serving view.
On the other hand, in my opinion, I hate to make a value judgment, but the better journalists
and in fact the ones who are often regarded as the best journalist have quite a different
picture.
And I think a very realistic one.
How can you know that I'm self-sensory?
How can you know that you're self-sensory?
I don't say you're self-sensory.
I'm sure you believe everything you're saying.
But what I'm saying is if you believe something different, you wouldn't be sitting where
you're sitting.
Boom!
There it is, right there.
Boom, right there.
I think that's also in the chat a little bit where we say that Bret and Eric would
sell their souls to be seen as scientific visionaries.
I think there are a lot of journalists who would write anything they're told to write
in order to keep their job, in order to rise through the ranks of an organization like
that.
And certainly if you were told that we will help you rise in a Joe Rogan-esque way on
the internet to become an independent member, maybe even the leader of an organization
called Loosely the Intellectual Dark Web, and you had the right kind of ego, it would
be a very enticing offer.
And once you were sitting in that chair and then the pandemic kicked off and they told
you they needed their help, in order to get compliance, we'll take care of you.
It's very easy to see how this was done.
Even if they were unwitting at some point, they have figured it out.
At some point, they had to have figured it out.
At some point, they have to have figured out that the vaccine schedule is a scam.
You can't be a medical freedom fighter for four years in this pandemic and not eventually
have said, wait a minute, wait a minute.
What about the childhood vaccine schedule?
If you haven't asked that question out loud, if you're still saying like Bret Weinstein,
that the vaccine schedule is amazing and the vaccines are a miracle, they're the best idea
ever.
They're such an amazingly elegant methodology.
Then you are not a genuine thinker, you're really not, you just missed it, you lost it,
you are incompetent as a biologist, you're incompetent as a doctor, you should be ashamed
of yourself.
If you aren't aware now, at this stage, you need to get aware, you need to apologize
to your patients, to your family and friends, for not having figured out that RNA can't
pandemic, the transfection can't immunize you and that immunization by intramuscular
injection doesn't make any sense given what little we do know or think we know about
the immune system.
But of course, all these deep thinkers were put in place and told to argue about things
that would not free us from this cage and more importantly, would not free our children
from this cage.
So it didn't matter what car you got into, you would find someone in there or a combination
of people that would tell you nothing that would clear your mind of this mystery, nothing
that would clear your mind of these questions, nothing that would get you walking in the
right direction, you would always, always be more confused, always be more complicated,
always be oversimplified, never ever would you be led to question the novel virus, the
death of millions that millions more were saved and the gain of function was real or
not.
None of these people will question that, ladies and gentlemen, not one of them will question
it.
That's pretty remarkable.
These are the people that we got in the car with.
We were forced to get into the car with these.
These were the only people that had cars on the internet.
These were the people that were on all the podcasts circulating around all of the languages.
If you got into the car with Robert Malone, you would definitely still believe in a novel
virus.
You definitely still believe in a lab leak.
You definitely still believe in gain of function.
You definitely still believe that a virus would come again because he would have already
convinced you that a biology student in their garage with the proper eBay acquired
equipment could easily breed a new pandemic.
Actually, he's also got a book out called the lies my government told me in the better
future coming.
What's very curious about it is that he, I think when he first started to throw his career
away to save the world, he went to children's health defense.
And I think children's health defense actually vetted him, you know, like, you know, had
some people check him out, even spent some time with him to see if he was really worth
supporting.
And they decided to publish his book.
You see, this book is actually published under the children's health defense logo.
That's actually, you know, under Skyhorse publishing, I think they have their own little
little thing.
You know, I mean, they do some things with Skyhorse and some things were this one, but
I think they have their own little publishing thing now in cooperation with Skyhorse.
And so child children's health defense is on his book.
That's pretty cool for him.
That's pretty has pretty cool that children's health defense put their, put their, their
rep on the line for him and published his book got it out there.
That's super cool.
Actually I think the truth about Wuhan with Andrew Huff is also published by Skyhorse
publishing.
So between Skyhorse publishing and these house label of children's health defense, they get
a lot of books out there that are worth reading.
I think also Brian Hooker's book, Greed and Yellow book is so worth buying probably the
best book that children's health defense has put out in a while, although I'm kind
of, of course, I've got a little soft spot for the Wuhan cover up.
But anyway, my point is is that Robert Malone probably has a lot to thank children's health
defense for because he, they, you know, they helped him get, get, get started in this dissident
movement.
And I guess that's why if you would have gotten in the car with Robert Malone a long
time ago and thought he was a really cool dude and had been following him for a while
and seeing that he was aligned with children's health defense and seeing that he, you know,
likes Bobby a lot and follows Bobby around and was at a lot of conference, like at the
first children's health defense conference and, and at Bobby's inauguration.
I mean, you'd think, wow, this guy's really in it.
He's really in it to win it.
And then suddenly he tweets out, no, I don't think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is a really
good candidate for president because he's not a very good manager and exhibit one, according
to Robert Malone, his CHD isn't that weird.
So CHD published his book.
He's been promoting Bobby as a smart guy for a while now and, and, and, and used CHD to
publish his book and his good friend, Meryl Nass, up until as far as I know is, is, has
been affiliated with working for Ben and a scientific advisor for CHD and for Bobby
for many years now.
And she's got a long record of being opposed to anthrax vaccines.
And so she's got a real clear track record and a clear association with CHD, the same
beautiful organization that is associated with the movie Vaxxed and associated with
really some of the biggest heroes in my mind of the anti-vaxx movement, like Brian Hooker.
One of the few organizations in America that's really taking a stand against the vaccine
schedule and, and calling it for what it is, trying to push some of the, the best lawsuits
forward as far as I can tell.
And so having come from that angle, thinking that Robert Malone had a lot of respect for
the organization, a lot of respect for the guy and a lot of the rest of the guy at the
head of it, and also a lot of respect for the people within it, seeing as one of his good
friends Meryl Nass is one of those people at the top of that pyramid of scientific advisement
of the, of the organization as far as I could tell before the pandemic.
And what in the world is he doing here?
Calling CHD, I don't know, I guess he's implying it's not a very well managed organization
that chooses its primary scientific advisors is, is Meryl Nass, it's not a very good organ,
what does that really mean?
And what does it mean to take a pop shot at CHD where your friend is affiliated where
your friend Bobby is affiliated with your friend Meryl is affiliated where all of these
heroes to the health freedom movement are affiliated that came through for you and published
your book.
And just like that, you throw them under the bus as a movement worth discarding for Donald
Trump, Donald Trump has better management skills than, than Robert F Kennedy Jr. and
Donald Trump has, has presided over countless bankruptcies, countless interlayered LLCs,
and yet Robert Malone makes the argument that Donald Trump is a better presidential
candidate than Robert F Kennedy Jr. after getting his book published by the nonprofit
that Robert F Kennedy Jr. helped found what the world is going on here.
What car did we get into?
I thought I was in a car getting a ride to a gas station now I'm walking on the moon.
What's happening in this theater?
What's going on?
These people have lost their minds.
He listed on a sub stack quite some time ago already a whole list of medlers.
Catherine Austin Fitts was on that list of medlers and George Webb was on that list of
medlers.
Interestingly, George Webb was even given a link by Robert Malone, a link to a CBS 60
minutes broadcast at the start of the pandemic.
I mean, if he's a bad guy and you don't want anybody to follow him, why give links to a
60 minutes episode where he's featured?
We should watch that 60 minutes clip for a second and see what that's all about because
the last time Robert Malone told me to watch something, he told me to watch a Peter Kullis
video because Pieter Cullis probably should have gotten the Nobel Prize as well.
And then we found a Peter Kullis video from 2022 where he admitted that he wasted the
lives of four postdocs trying to get the LNP's to go somewhere that they wanted them to go
and they could never do it.
So Byram Bridle's data and his whistleblower account was completely corroborated by what
Pieter Cullis freely admitted in a Garnier lecture at a university in in Canada.
It's it's it's laughable.
And so what are we going to find if we follow another lead from Robert Malone's list of
bad guys?
What are we going to find over here?
I wonder interesting.
This could be cool.
Oh, I didn't clip it.
Sorry.
A priority of the new president and Congress will be reigning in the giants of social media
on this Democrats and Republicans agree their target is a federal law known as section 230.
In a single sentence, it's set off the big bang helping to create the universe of Google
Facebook, Twitter and the rest.
Some critics of the law say that it leaves social media free to ignore lies, hoaxes and
slander that can wreck the lives of innocent people.
Now keep in mind that this is March 2020.
So this is right at the seeding event of the pandemic.
We haven't actually locked down yet.
And so we're still trying to seed the narrative that this pandemic could be a lot worse than
we thought.
And we're already actually going to see the narrative of maybe it's a lab pandemic.
And that's going to be in here, but not really in here.
What's actually in here, it's under the guise of internet harassment.
And of course, you guys are all well aware that AI and the combination of anonymity and
anonymity on the internet is going to be used to create the perfect brew for everybody to
demand or beg for internet digital ID so that there's no more anonymity on some of
these platforms.
And so at the beginning of the pandemic, they already intertwined these narratives, the
narrative of the need for better controls over the internet and censorship on the internet
and why censorship is so dangerous with the ongoing pandemic.
I want you to see how this enchantment is so miraculous, how it's so beautiful, how
it's so diabolical that when somebody tells you there's fifth generation warfare being
waged on you that they're talking about 60 minutes, watch this carefully, listen carefully.
One of those critics is Lenny Posner.
After a tragedy in his own life, Posner has become a champion for victims of online lies
people including Mtya and Matt Benasi, who overnight became the target of death threats
like these.
The story will continue in a moment.
We're going to put a bullet in their skull, let's load up the trucks, let's go get them,
let's hang them.
They posted our address, our full address, where we live.
The hate, focused on Mtya and Matt Benasi, was unleashed by a hoax that claims she brought
COVID-19 into the world.
It's changed and migrated over the 70 plus videos that they've had about us, but 70?
Yeah, if you actually go through all the videos, there is a total of 70 videos across multiple
YouTube channels.
The videos claim Mtya Benasi carried the virus to China on a bicycle.
She was invited there as a member of a U.S. military cycling team.
Mtya is a Dutch immigrant, American citizen and soldier who served in Iraq.
In 2019, during an international military Olympics, she crashed in Wuhan, where COVID-19 was discovered
two months later.
Her collision with the internet began after an innocent article about the race.
And somebody came across it and they had Wuhan in and they took a run with it.
Oh, we got a person.
Your name, the name Wuhan, and the rest only takes a lot of imagination.
Correct.
What were they saying about you?
First they said I brought it to China and when I crashed, I spread it and that I spread
it in the hospital, which I never was in the hospital.
All these lies about vials in my bicycle, hittin', and I have no idea.
It's going to be this person by the name of Mtya Benasi, and we're going to fall.
The absurdity was spelled out literally by a hoax peddler named George Webb.
Now, do you think it's possible that George Webb got on 60 minutes because he's just
a hoax peddler because they're just innocently covering some guy on the interwebs who harassed
this Dutch person who cycled in the Wuhan games?
Do you really think that this is all just an elaborate gumshoe style story?
They're just doing the background.
We're just following wherever the lead goes.
No, ladies and gentlemen, this is an elaborate fifth generation warfare narrative being given
to our old people, young people, anybody that's watching this video live, trying to
figure out why we're about to be stuck in our house.
And Robert Malone shared it as part of the evidence for this guy being a relevant harasser
in his own little universe.
Peter and Ginger Bregan are also listed as bad guys by Robert Malone, but somehow or
another, that suit hasn't gone anywhere.
It was just a lot of fire and smoke and thunder that never went anywhere, but made sure that
that book that they've got that I've shown many times gets sold, the book about a lab
leak, the book about a bioweapon that the Bregan's wrote gets sold because Malone added
them to his list too.
And so once you start to see that actually most of the people on the list are not bad
guys, but actually part of this controlled spectrum of debate, this very limited spectrum
of debate with fake adversaries, it starts to become very clear.
Now why I have this person here is because Dr. Paul Cottrell actually became connected
to be very early in the pandemic as part of a group of people that wanted to stream with
me every weekend.
They were also part of team worst case scenario.
Paul Cottrell never told me that he was working with George Webb, George Webb had me blocked
from the beginning of the pandemic.
So I would never make that connection between him and John Goodman and and and or Jason
Goodman and John Cullen.
I would never make the connection with Paul Cottrell back to Addy ads and all these other
people either.
I would just think that Paul Cottrell was some kind of pseudo doctor on the internet
that I couldn't really figure out.
But at least I had Mr. Dr. Kevin McCarran there to help me make sure that we wouldn't
let these no virus people get away with their with their nonsense and we wouldn't let any
of these 5G mythologies take off.
And we would stop this silver salesman Paul Cottrell while George Webb still says to this
day that one of the biggest heroes in the pandemic is Dr. Paul Cottrell even though
he knows Dr. Paul Cottrell is not a doctor.
He has a fake PhD in some kind of chaos theory.
It's a fake PhD.
And if it's not a fake PhD in the sense of it's wholly made of of of of of of lies that
it's a fake PhD in the sense that nothing really significant was done in order to earn
this doctor of philosophy.
And it certainly has nothing to do with medicine or biology even though he and George Webb
worked very hard to make sure that you would as easily as possible confuse him and think
that he was a medical doctor because they represented it that way all the time.
And so what an interesting closing of the loop here because Robert Malone actually
did a couple interviews on stream with Paul Cottrell in 2021 when he finally did pull out
or pull up to the curb and say, Hey, I'm going to help you guys.
And so that's again why I think it's very important for you to see that I'm not trying
to make this about me but because of where I have stood because of where I have sat because
of who has contacted me when and the order in which they have denied me it has become
very obvious that all of these people are connected.
There's no possible way that three years after being on stream with Paul Cottrell where Paul
Cottrell was posing as a doctor telling us that Remdesivir would work telling us that
the worst case scenario red dragon event was happening that no less than 60 days was
needed for lockdown.
All of these crazy things to see the worst case scenario at the start of the pandemic
he was calling it a flying AIDS already back then along with Dr. Kevin McCarran who harassed
me nonstop for four years as following me around like a clown car are all connected
because otherwise Robert Malone wouldn't have a year and a half later in 2021 gone
on a stream with Paul Cottrell hey already known fake doctor Jason Goodman called him
out as a fake doctor in 2020 everybody knew that he was a fake doctor in 2020 so why
in the world in 2021 would Robert Malone go on his podcast only later to turn around and
say that George Webb is a is one of the baddest baddies that he's got to deal with
on the web the ultimate harasser he's as much of a victim as this Machia Banasi apparently
George Webb just unleashed the same kind of ridiculousness on George Webb as he unleashed
on Machia Banasi at least that's what George that's what Robert Malone wants you to believe
please see how magically this little sub stack play gets you to accept that there was a
virus that there was something to argue about that there were medlers and that Robert Malone
is not one of them don't you see how terrible malevolent this this enchantment is and don't
you see why I'm so passionately trying to break it because these people are known to me they
are known to me in a way which makes this glowingly incongruent there is no way that
all of these stories can be true there's no way that all of these people are telling
the truth there's no way that these people are not liars and I don't like to use the
word because it's so accusatory but they have misled us about who they are they have misled
us about what their motivations are and they have misled us to ask the wrong questions
so that our children will be enslaved by these weaponized piles of money that are in
our are paying them with comfort and fame and promise of membership ladies and gentlemen
we have to wake up now this is not a joke there can be no other explanation for these
things that when you line them up the right way it's like bong wow that's pretty weird
how that all just kind of lines up he has a following among the deep state phony conspiracy
crowd what has this meant to you I was looking over my shoulder a lot I was scared for my life
you were taking all that seriously yes once my address was posted that that was it for me that
because they mean danger my family it was like 60 or 70 death threats over the span of you know
four or five weeks they called the police and the FBI which got them nowhere and the reason why
the FBI and the police don't want to talk to you is because even though we're receiving death threats
they didn't say we're coming to the Benazis to kill them tonight they need a crime to have been
committed that's correct and you're trying to prevent a crime from being committed absolutely
right about now you might be thinking they should sue but that's the problem they can't file
hundreds of lawsuits against internet trolls hiding behind aliases and they can't sue the internet
platforms now would you find it remarkable that after they explain to you that you can't sue the
internet platforms because of this act 230 or whatever that makes it impossible for people to
sue the platforms because the platforms aren't liable for what people post on them
that they're also going to reinforce the sandy hook
shooting in this story so they're going to bring someone on who who has a son who died at sandy
hook and they're going to use his his his example of internet lies and the pain that they cause
and the fights that you have to engage in in order to fight against them to show you a parallel
between this and what happened between Benazis and Webb and they're going to bring out another
parallel after that of a news reporter who was killed live on air and then that video was
reposted to youtube hundreds of times and they couldn't ever get it removed and the dad really
felt like it's just lame that these these internet platforms have no ability to control their platform
they can't censor bad things and it's just lame that we don't have more control over them at the
beginning of the pandemic and so behind the scenes they can point to this CBS news
60 minute special report and say see the internet's really out of control we got these people
claiming that there's some kind of lab leak that was planted in a bicycle we got these people saying
that sandy hook didn't happen we got these people who are reposting these borderline snuff videos
and none of these platforms seemed to want to do anything and now we are at the doorstep
of an impending pandemic we need to send some people over to those places with suits on
and make sure that these these internet platforms are under control so that this misinformation
is not a part of of the disaster that could be the pandemic it's the perfect video to play at
the beginning of the pandemic that also just happens to put in place a couple key trolls
it seeds a couple key narratives albeit in a very absurd way but it already ceded the narrative
in the most mainstream skilled tv watchers that wait what they release something what does that
even mean can you release a virus that seems strange if you released a virus that you could put in
vials inside of a bicycle bicycle frame could it pandemic all of those questions were asked
and answered in the last three minutes that we just watched
whether you like it or not
and people as sophisticated as a cashier at the grocery store all the way up to somebody
as sophisticated as a neuroscientist at the University of Pittsburgh could be fooled by this
elaborate of an operation this elaborate of a messaging scheme and I was
in most of us were and so we need to talk about it so that other people can see it
so that other people see that we're not claiming to have always seen through it and I know that
there are people out there that had saw through it from the very beginning I know there were
but even the people that could see through it from the very beginning were insufficient at
articulating what exactly was going on what exactly was so incongruent that we needed to stop believing
them
and some of those people were purposefully
unable to articulate the reason why we shouldn't believe in these people and still saying partial
truths that's the whole trick
so you can't say that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread or the whole illusion vanishes
you can't do this this this math or the whole illusion vanishes Robin Malone's never going to
talk about Remdesivir and how many people had killed just like George Webb is never going
to talk about Remdesivir and how many people it killed
just like George Webb's not going to talk about Madaz Lam and how many people had killed in the
UK and Robert Malone's not going to talk about it either Paul Cottrell's not going to talk about
the lack of antibiotic use in 2020 and 2021 just like Robert Malone's not going to talk about it
George Webb's not going to talk about the do not resuscitate orders that Jessica Hockett has
found in New York City and Robert Malone's not going to talk about Jessica Hockett's data in
New York City and neither is Paul Cottrell because they're all on the same team the worst case scenario
team that keeps the virus narrative alive so we don't talk about the the raw costs of Medicare
and how much we've avoided how convenient it is that we're now testing all these new
transfections and these new genetic vaccines out on all of these new diseases on all of these
old people under the pretense that they're vulnerable while there's still no talk of strict liability
Robert Malone's never going to say the word strict liability that's like the the the garlic to his
vampire that's like the kryptonite to his Superman are you kidding me strict liability would would
end the industry that he has risen from to talk about the CICP and the VICP as a as a seventh
amendment violation of all of the conservative essays that Robert Malone puts out 17 pages a
day sometimes twice that much he's never going to write a a conservative essay about the seventh
amendment and what role it should play in our interactions with pharmaceutical companies he's
never ever going to write that essay don't you see
somebody from CHD might
so we know how it was created it was created with this worst case scenario team and this
control of the narrative under a national security priority
so that the toxicity of the virus and the toxicity of transfection could be confounded with this
mythology and that is the new world order that they want our children to grow up in and they will if
we allow this lie to fade away and become the truth they are trying to break us they are trying to
break us for a generation so that there will be a blip break they want that because they want
the fabric of the West America and Europe to break so that they can replace it with a mythology
place it with a digital prison that's what this really is all about the virus and the vaccine
schedule are all part of this slippery slope that have led us to the eventual digital id
and digital currency digital prison all part of a long-standing plan to chip you
make no mistake about it ladies and gentlemen that's where we're headed chipping our children
maybe you're maybe your laptop in your in your and your computer will have a scanner for the
chip too so then your digital id can be the chip that's what they're doing to us that's
what they're erasing that's the train that they've got us on from the very beginning when they
scared us from the very beginning with this lab leak narrative with this scooby-doo mystery
they scared us to getting on this train and when you got on the train you accepted the fact that
vaccination was a strategy that we had used in the past to defeat pandemics and therefore
adopting that strategy again wasn't crazy you have accepted that novel coronavirus is
jump you heard you heard Bret Weinstein say it to Lex Fridman yesterday that yes they do jump
false positives for PCR are rare that asymptomatic spread happens we've heard
Heather and Bret talk about it for months and months and years and years variants are evidence
of spread they've also talked about that relentlessly not that they could be part of an ever expanding
background of bs but that they are evidence of spread and finally that we spend money on
gain and function research so we better argue about it these are all agreed on things in this
faith that Bret Weinstein is a high priest up
and these people George Webb Robert Malone Paul Catrell are never going to talk about
how RNA replicates in the wild they're never going to talk about this
pretty useful analogy between an analog tape and a CD where the digital copy can be copied with
much higher fidelity and therefore is much easier to share with your coworkers and with your fellow
researchers and RNA viruses are the analog tape RNA viruses can't copy themselves
and that's why they're very hard to culture
Robert Malone's never going to explain this
Robert Malone has spent four years avoiding telling us anything useful about viruses and
a couple times he has screwed up have been touchdowns for me especially that video where he says that
the vast majority of viral particles are replication competent they don't do anything just float around
they do nothing interactive the immune system but they can't copy themselves because they're
an incomplete genome they've got errors they're missing genes
because RNA doesn't copy itself that way so this is not a hijacking of our system
but it's the use of an existing one at best and the only way that we can study it is by not
using these RNA by culturing them but by converting them to a DNA that can be fairly
high fidelity replicated in cell culture or rather bacterial culture very standard molecular
biological techniques using plasmids where each plasmid is replicated in its own bacterial culture
and then they can be joined through ligation methods which we think we may have seen evidence
for in the sequence purported to be found in Wuhan which doesn't indicate so much that it was a
laboratory virus as much as it indicates that it was man-made which can only be one thing
an infectious clone after ligation of these DNA that you can add an RNA polymerase and
you can convert it to RNA and then that RNA will appear to be infectious and replication competent
for a time on cell culture will appear to be infectious if injected into the nasal cavity of
an animal and it will appear to do those same things in other people's laboratories if you send it to them
and so RNA isn't grown in a dish it is grown first as DNA in the form of it and then made into
what they call infectious RNA clones and you could do that at scale just like they made
the RNA shots at scale which means that if you wanted to get this in a lot of places around the
world and then claim it was evidence of spread there's a real easy way they could have done it
and they've been doing this process for decades that's how coronavirus biology is done
and i believe that the no-virus people were part of obfuscating this very simple fact
and that's why we were stuck with this this narrative for so long why it was so hard to break
out of it because no virus position was meant to be and made to be ridiculous instead of logical
but there was no pandemic virus these these tests are not evidence of a novel virus spreading
around we don't have evidence that seven million people were killed by a new RNA
those seven million people were killed by dumb protocols and dumb drugs applied
in dumb ways with dumb assumptions but we want to be led to believe that thank heaven
transfection work better than we thought that's the illusion the five years now we're on the
fifth year don't underestimate how important it is to point that out to your family and friends
that you're trying to wake up the faith is a lie that's for sure
so the way out is biology we need to advocate a pause on all childhood vaccine schedule in the
united states you can hear when people say that that they are good people call for strict liability
we call for an investigation into these smash casualty events that people like Jonathan Engler
and Martin Niel and Jessica Hockett are investigating and have delineated for us we need to reclaim
sovereignty over our children's bodies and our own and we need to get ourselves out of the who
make the who disappear make our cdc disappear if you want to see the medlers they don't advocate
against the childhood vaccine schedule in america as the fraud that it is they don't advocate for
strict liability they rarely are if ever cite the deadly protocols as being the primary cause
of death rarely if ever just go down that huge list of those people rarely if ever do they talk
about the fact that iatrogenic death is the primary means where people left the world not a novel
virus they don't use the word transfection until very recently and then when they did they still
don't really use it in the humble way that they should they don't use the word clone to summarize
anything they don't use the word swarm they attack people rather than ideas and they whine
about their own censorship even as they rise and most importantly you can see them because they
can't summarize across the whole show they've never bothered to try unlike me and a few other
people who have been trying to do it for four years ladies and gentlemen they are doing this
because they want to convert us to a different form of rule a different form of governance
so they can collect our data and feed it to an ai that doesn't even exist under the pretense in
the faith that it will eventually allow the transhuman futurists to come true
if you believe in the sacred biology the the irreducible complexity that is the beauty of
biology like i do if you have the common sense that your grandmother gave you
then you know that this artificial general intelligence is going to solve squat
ladies and gentlemen please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate
the control group by any means necessary it has been fun tonight it has been real i hope it has
been real fun for you um this has been giggle and biological where intramuscular injection by any
combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned
integrity thanks very much for joining me guys um trying to keep the energy a little higher
trying to keep the positivity a little higher it doesn't always work um because this is uh
it's kind of becoming a feeling like a rock and a hard place here and so i've got to ask you once
again like i did in the beginning to share my work as far and as wide as possible and if you
can't afford to please support it in some way financially that includes just one-time donations
as little as one dollar is great um but also uh the subscribers would be great and you could
scroll down at giggleandbiological.com and become a subscriber for either $10 a month um i think
another one is some kind of every three months and then once is once a year um and if i could get
a thousand subscribers i think um we could be building maybe really the best science news
independent science news source on the internet um and i think that should be our goal i think
it's a worthy goal um and i think uh i think i've earned a chance of that and so i'm hoping that
over the next couple months um uh i can make that that a reality and i hope that these people will
continue to support me continue to share my work and that you will um so that we can get this list
long enough so that we can be unstoppable um right now we're still pretty stoppable um and so uh
yeah thanks to everybody who has had the guts to stick their neck out up until now for me and for
my family um and i i hope that we can get more people on board thank you very much for joining
me and i will see you again very soon um in fact i guess i'll see you again tomorrow thanks
i don't have a subscribe tab on twitch because i don't want to give any money to this platform
and i am going to start um putting my my videos right away up on rumble and on on vimeo and on
my website and we have these plans to create a drop box so that people can get raw videos clips of of
Gigaohm that they can put on twitter and other platforms themselves rather than having to link
to something but you can put the raw video up and just download it yourself and upload it so we've
got a lot of things going on girl rocks we can do a q and a next time we'll do a q and a tomorrow i
promise uh thanks very much for joining me and yes we will see you again tomorrow i don't know for
sure what time hopefully it'll be a little bit more normal my kids don't have school tomorrow so
it'll be a interesting schedule thank you very much